docs(upgrading): add generate-clients doc dependencies (#2224)
aws/aws-sdk-js-v3: scripts/generate-clients/README.md

> This script requires Node.js >= 12
> 
> It requires https://github.com/awslabs/smithy-typescript#steps-to-build
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Node.js version >= 12.
* [Build and publish Smithy-TypeScript locally](https://github.com/awslabs/smithy-typescript#steps-to-build).

```
